\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c $Id: //depot/main/user/ryand/Bin/elisp/autoinsert/texinfo-insert.texinfo#1 $
@c %%**start of header (This is for running Texinfo on a region.)
@setfilename %b.info
@settitle %[Title: %]
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %%**end of header (This is for running Texinfo on a region.)

@ifinfo
This file documents %1.

Copyright @copyright{} %y %U

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

@ignore
Permission is granted to process this file through TeX and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission notice
identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph (this
paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).

@end ignore
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
permission notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under same conditions as for modified versions.
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@sp 10
@center @titlefont{%1}
@sp 2
@center %[Subtitle: %]
@sp 2
@center %U

@comment This is for the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} %y %U

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of
this manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice
are preserved on all copies.

@ignore
Permission is granted to process this file through Tex and print the
results, provided the printed document carries copying permission
notice identical to this one except for the removal of this paragraph
(this paragraph not being relevant to the printed manual).

@end ignore
Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the entire
resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission
notice identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the same conditions as for modified versions.

@end titlepage

@node Top, Overview, (dir), (dir)
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up

This manual documents @file{%b.el}, by %U.

@menu
* Overview::            An overview
@end menu

@node Overview,,top,top
@comment  node-name,  next,  previous,  up
@chapter Overview
@cindex Overview


@contents

@bye
